Situation:   An ugly duckling has to go rescue her betrothed
Sentence:    Harriet is so unwanted that she has to pay her betrothed's ransom when he gets captured during a minor border skirmish with a neighboring nation.
Paragraph:   Harriet pays the ransom for her betrothed, and charms the neighboring kingdom. Along the way there and back she has some adventures. Once she returns her newfound fame causes her problems with the court. She leaves to go south to let the events cool off. Once she returns, she joins the academy as a senior student and a sword teacher.
Page:        Harriet, an unremarkable scholar but excellent swordswoman, is taken out of the Noble Academy by her parents when word comes that her betrothed was captured in battle against a neighboring kingdom. His family does not want to pay the ransom because he is not in the line of succession, and they are currently tight on cash. 
             
             Her father refuses to help because their fief is also in financial trouble. Harriet decides to take her dowry and her maid to try and ransom him herself. She feels like she has no choice because she isn't very pretty and unlikely to find a new suitor with their poor finances. 
             
             During her travels she meets a bandit king and convinces him to let her keep her ransom money after killing one of his men (Don't worry, nobody liked that guy anyways), and charms the nobles of the nearby kingdom, with the king giving her a family heirloom sword that turns out to have a more sinister purpose along with some money. 
             
             During her journey home she meets the bandit king again, and pays him the balance of the ransom, which causes him to become intrigued enough with her that he swears fealty to her, and follows her home.
             
             Upon her return home, her home kingdom is intriguied by her, leading to some more issues with the local royals and the 3rd prince's betrothed lady who becomes jealous. She orders a hit on Harriet, who ends up killing the hired ruffians. She decides to take their bodies back to their hometowns and families. When Harriet finds out who hired the men, she confronts her personally and threatens her.
             
             Her family decides to send her away for a while to let things cool down, so Harriet decides to go south to visit a kingdom where women can dance with swords.
             
             While visiting the southern prince, he gets attacked by professional assassins, who manages to kill one of Harriets new retainers from the bandit king. The magical sword gifted to her causes her to get enraged and she ends up torturing the assassin before killing him. 
             
             This disturbs everyone, including Harriet, so when she returns home she talks with a blacksmith who tells her the history and lore of the sword.
